Changes in SAXSi from 1.55 to 2.0 (Ram Avinery)---------------------------------------------------------*** Planned:- Automatic calibration* Planned:- Output CSV- Output MAT- All numeric fields a "eval"'d so they may accept statements that are evaluated to a number- Allow integration code to be run independently without GUI- [Duplicate] Support running integration from a script (load calibration, run integration on selected files)- Add tags to DAT files (tags provided by the macros in the SPEC environment)- Add live view of the pilatus?... (replace exposem)- Gray out unusable menu items- Images can be any supported by the CCP4 package*** Known Issues:- Zoom adjusts for ratio and croppes the zoomed area. Fix to expand instead of crop. Alternatively - make the zoom selection constrained with the required aspect ration.- New integration too slow and does not provide better results- New calibration dialog has issues with zooming (doesn't maintain the axes size)Integration:- Estimates error of intensityInterface:- Generates ATSAS compatible DAT files- File filter accepts several filters- File filter is now a drop-down list with commonly used filters- Log/lin states saved between files- Log/lin states save between sessions- Added an improved Jet pallete for image- Sum/Average adds the new curve to the display- "Keep 1" button added. Clears all curves except the selected.- Added "average" button- Save/Load of both Mask & Calibration now defaults to the current folder- Added experimental integration methods. SHOULD NOT BE USED.- General makeover- added a comprehensive context menu (right-click) and moved some buttons into it.- Moved "sum 2d" to "Tools" menu- Some re-labeling- Last used folder is now saved- Automatic maximal displayed intensity- Added basic information about the image (max & summed intensity)- Added "Pixel Count" plot (plot's pixel count in each Q-bin)- Min/max integrated Q range now plotted correctly, as a generic conic (not as a simple circle)- Added marking of Q-values with sharing between 1d/2d plots- Added control over file-refresh- Calibration fields now respond to manual change- File filter and folder change now occur after "Enter", not automatically- Many fields are now saved between sessions- Xhi plot was fixed and now works- Added color bar & other color maps for 2D display- Change in Pixel-Size now updates sample-to-detector distance accordingly (useful when calibrating with wrong pixel-size)- Added some tooltips for better clearity- "Reintegrate" now does not reverse the file order each time- Changing images to view keeps zoom and draws much faster- "Get X,Y,Q" also returns the pressed pixel's intensity- 2D can now show log-scale intensity when clicking "Log/lin intensity scale"Issues fixed:- "Get X,Y,Q" now works using calibration parameters and doesn't first need a single integration (most users didn't even notice the issue).  Actually, it now also returns sub-pixel values.- Loading of 2D images now doesn't "jump" (there was a fast change in the font of the axes)- In 1D plots, the "_" stops causing the following character to be subscript Internal:- Separated time-refresh from file-refresh- Moved most internal data into classes- Most logic code now uses data classes instead of directly accessing user-interface fields- Mask is now an image, not a collection of rectangles. Much faster, and the display is now accurate (it wasn't before).